Zhan Tianchen, I didn’t expect you to be such a popular person in Shangjing.
Those in Yuncheng are very good at pretending! Who are you?
I am Li Jia’s lawyer,
Back then, I watched you stay at home,
The number is called when entering the house, and the person present when leaving the house is used.
Okay, it turns out it’s you,
Do I remember Mr. Li’s mistress?
You, Zhan Tianchen, are you useful in taking exams with me now?
Li Jia owes Li Jia his station, right?
Are you going to pay off the entire house? Or?
You've all done it, we don't want to leave,
Our small house is downstairs. That's right, Miss Lin.
It’s a letter from Li Yahe Dongguan
Please sign it now
Taking the Lin family with them
Get out of here, everyone
You accepted the contract
Are you thinking about the Lin family?
Are they all doing prison work?
What are you going to do? Zhantianchan
Do you want us all to go to prison? Your Majesty?
I will naturally keep you in love and have nothing to worry about.
You are in a small place like Yuncheng
Just pretend to do something
I came to Beijing
I know you also want a few today and a few taels
I want to be friends with the Li family and the Zhan family.
You are the eldest son of the warlord
I will allow you to have ten tongues in your body right now
Get out from under me
I will consider letting the Lin family
Stay longer at Lin's house
Make money on the road tomorrow
What else do you want?
Why don't you hurry up and leave the forest?
You also want me to prove that I know
I will be the hostess of the Li family in the future
Get out of here, you deserve it